---
layout: page
title: Meet the Team
permalink: /team
---

> Intro paragraph on team contributions

- [Our Team](#our-team)
  - [Leadership](#leadership)
    - [Jordan Amadio, Co-Founter, CEO](#jordan-amadio-co-founter-ceo)
    - [Arjun Menta](#arjun-menta)
    - [Ryan Benavides, Mechanical Engineering Lead](#ryan-benavides-mechanical-engineering-lead)
    - [Matthew Yu, Electrical and Software Engineering Lead](#matthew-yu-electrical-and-software-engineering-lead)

---

# Our Team

> Insert headshots of team members

![Ryan Benavides](../assets/Ryan-220x300.png)

Ryan Benavides, Mechanical Engineering Lead


---

## Leadership

---

### Jordan Amadio, Co-Founter, CEO

Dr. Amadio was educated at Princeton University, where he received an honors
degree in Physics/Biophysics, followed by Harvard Medical School and the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he received his M.D. degree through
the physician-scientist curriculum at the Division of Health Sciences and
Technology (HST). He completed postdoctoral residency training in neurosurgery
at the Emory University School of Medicine, where he served as Chief Resident.

Alongside his neurosurgical career, Dr. Amadio has developed deep expertise in
the development and commercialization of medical device technology. In 2010 he
earned an M.B.A. with Distinction at Harvard Business School, focusing on
medical device innovation, regulatory approval, and entrepreneurship. In 2014 he
co-founded the startup incubator NeuroLaunch, which led to the formation of 12
companies in the neurotechnology space. In 2019, he became the Program Director
for the Ascension-Dell Innovation Fellowship, which seeks to align physicians,
engineers, and entrepreneurs to spin out new medical technologies from the UT
Austin ecosystem. He is an active angel investor in technology startups and sits
on several advisory boards. He also holds a part-time staff role at a
venture-backed medical device company that is deploying $363 million in funding
toward brain-computer interface technology.

### Arjun Menta

AAAAAAAAAA

### Ryan Benavides, Mechanical Engineering Lead

AAAAAAAAAAAA

### Matthew Yu, Electrical and Software Engineering Lead

Matthew Yu B.S. is a current Masters student studying Electrical and Computer
Engineering at the University of Texas at Austin. He has previously received his
Bachelors of Science in ECE in 2021. His technical focus is on embedded systems
development, with supplemental work in power systems and data science and their
integration in regards to embedded systems.

Matthew has extensive professional experience, performing engineering work at
Apple, Qualcomm, Cisco Systems, Relativity Space, and Apptronik. He has also led
and does lead several organizational teams, from the power generation team at
Longhorn Racing Solar, to several robotics committees at IEEE Robotics and
Automation Society.
